Proofread reporting chapter (#2578)
centreon/centreon-documentation: versioned_docs/version-23.10/reporting/introduction.md

Generate insightful statistics using our 30+ reports designs\...

> [image](../assets/reporting/installation/bi_retention.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![image](../assets/reporting/first_page.png)
```

## Simple reporting

The availability reports concerning objects monitored via the Centreon Web interface 
can display the availability rates of hosts, a hostgroup, or a servicegroup over a selected period.

To access the availability reports:

> - Go into the following menu: **Reporting > Dashboard**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Go to **Reporting > Dashboard**.
```

> - In the left menu, click **Host**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In the left menu, click **Host**.
```

> - Select a host from the **Host** list

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Select a host from the **Host** list.
```

![image](../assets/reporting/os-reporting/os-host-reporting.png)

- The **Reporting Period** lets you select a predefined period or define it manually using **From** to **to** fields.
- The **Host state** table displays the availability rates of objects.
- The **State Breakdowns For Host Services** table displays the availability of linked objects.
- The timeline provides a quick and intuitive overview of the status of the object.

![image](../assets/reporting/os-reporting/os-host-timeline.png)

Click a day in the timeline to obtain the report for that day:

![image](../assets/reporting/os-reporting/os-host-tooltip.png)

It is also possible to view web reports:

* The groups of hosts: Click **Host Groups** in the left menu
* The groups of services: Click **Service Groups** in the left menu

> The CSV icons are used to export data into a CSV file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CSV icon is used to export data to a CSV file.
```
